Extract PDF Tables/README.md, before:

Although the Power Query in Excel and the ability of Word 2013+ to open PDF files gets closer to allowing people in finance roles to automate data retrieval for the invoice 
validation and account reconciliation processes. There is always a lot of PDFs that just don't seem to be readable, returning incomplete results or just demanding too much effort
to make the process almost worthless. Even having Adobe Full version fails to deliver useful extracts in such cases.

The attached PDF is not a true representation of what to expect when extracting tables from the numerous Statements and Invoices in finance, but it gives a good testing ground to 
learn the effectiveness of R Programming libraries in comparison to Excel's Power Query, Word converters and Adobe's export to Excel functions.

References:

Matt Allington
https://exceleratorbi.com.au/import-tabular-data-pdf-using-power-query/#:~:text=Select%20the%20PDF%20connector%20and%20specify%20the%20path,the%20PDF%20Connector%20in%20Power%20BI%20follows%20below

Troy Walters
https://datascienceplus.com/extracting-tables-from-pdfs-in-r-using-the-tabulizer-package/

Mynda Treacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xkew2GrXu9c

Commit message:

Added new Excel macro file, R Script and PDF
Using the WARN Report mentioned by Troy Walters, I altered my original R Script and Excel VBA code to compare the outputs

Extract PDF Tables/README.md, after:

Although the Power Query in Excel and the ability of Word 2013+ to open PDF files gets closer to allowing people in finance roles to automate data retrieval for the invoice 
validation and account reconciliation processes. There is always a lot of PDFs that just don't seem to be readable, returning incomplete results or just demanding too much effort
to make the process almost worthless. Even having Adobe Full version fails to deliver useful extracts in such cases.

The attached PDF is not a true representation of what to expect when extracting tables from the numerous Statements and Invoices in finance, but it gives a good testing ground to 
learn the effectiveness of R Programming libraries in comparison to Excel's Power Query, Word converters and Adobe's export to Excel functions.

When adapting my original macro functions in a new Excel macro driven file I noted that several issues prevent the process of automating extracting tables PDF being fully automatic.
  - Both Power Query and R Scripts require you to remove additional tables when they occur
  - Special Characters that occur in the data may have actually been part of the original content

With the WARN dataset being 4958 records both the R Script and Word convertion process took 5 to 10 minutes. Again, as text based files do not produce the same Table structure when creating a Data Connection to them the VBA Script I wrote to use an ADODB connection and then populate a table structure takes as long as the Power Query.

However, as you will note. 
    - Power Query returned 4957 rows of data whereas the R Script returned 4958. 
    - Creating a data connection on the Excel macro file and joining the two tabs also highlights that not all linefeeds are picked up by the MHTML convertion and Power Query

References:

Matt Allington
https://exceleratorbi.com.au/import-tabular-data-pdf-using-power-query/#:~:text=Select%20the%20PDF%20connector%20and%20specify%20the%20path,the%20PDF%20Connector%20in%20Power%20BI%20follows%20below

Troy Walters
https://datascienceplus.com/extracting-tables-from-pdfs-in-r-using-the-tabulizer-package/

Mynda Treacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xkew2GrXu9c
